Agreement to Terms
These Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity (“you”) and Leonard Blechschmidt, doing business as Lawliet Bot ("Lawliet Bot", “we”, “us”, or “our”), concerning your access to and use of the Lawliet Bot as well as any other media form, website, media channel, mobile website or mobile application related, linked, or otherwise connected thereto (collectively, the “Bot”). You agree that by accessing the Bot, you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by all of these Terms of Use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS OF USE, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THE BOT AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.

Supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be posted on the website from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Terms of Use from time to time. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of these Terms of Use, and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. Please ensure that you check the applicable Terms every time you use our Bot so that you understand which Terms apply. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any revised Terms of Use by your continued use of the Bot after the date such revised Terms of Use are posted.

The information provided on the Bot is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Bot from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.

The Bot is not tailored to comply with industry-specific regulations (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), etc.), so if your interactions would be subjected to such laws, you may not use this Bot. You may not use the Bot in a way that would violate the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).

The Bot is intended for users who are at least 13 years of age. All users who are minors in the jurisdiction in which they reside (generally under the age of 18) must have the permission of, and be directly supervised by, their parent or guardian to use the Bot. If you are a minor, you must have your parent or guardian read and agree to these Terms of Use prior to you using the Bot.

Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise indicated, the Bot is our proprietary property and all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics on the Bot (collectively, the “Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the “Marks”) are owned or controlled by us or licensed to us, and are protected by copyright and trademark laws and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws of the United States, international copyright laws, and international conventions. The Content and the Marks are provided on the Bot “AS IS” for your information and personal use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Bot and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.

Provided that you are eligible to use the Bot, you are granted a limited license to access and use the Bot and to download or print a copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in and to the Bot, the Content and the Marks.

User Representations
By using the Bot, you represent and warrant that: (1) you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Terms of Use; (2) you are not under the age of 13; (3) you are not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside, or if a minor, you have received parental permission to use the Bot; (4) you will not access the Discord Bot through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script or otherwise; (5) you will not use the Bot for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and (6) your use of the Bot will not violate any applicable law or regulation.

If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Bot (or any portion thereof).
